It's today, isn't it?
Hm? What is?
What, you say...
The results announcement of
Eden College entrance exam.
It should be displayed
today at 1200 hours.
This is making me nervous...
My bracelet just came off...
Why today, of all days...
It's just a coincidence.
L-Loid, look...
Oh, come on, Yor. Black cats
equal bad luck is just a superstition.
Y-You're right.
Father.
What's wrong?
Anya...
...stepped on a poo...
The results announcement of
Eden College entrance exam?
Oh, the thing agent Twilight is doing, huh?
Director, the course of peace between
East and West depends on Operation Strix,
so you should take it more seriously.
You've never met him before, have you?
N-No...
He's considered the best spy in Westalis.
So don't worry so much.
Soon, he'll report that the
"cherry blossoms are blooming".
What's that?
It's an oriental cypher.
It means "passing an exam".
I can't find it...
In this world like nuts packed in a bag,
Everyone is snuggling up
to someone they meet
We are mixed in there and smiling
By pretending we are
all nuts like peanuts
On the template of happiness,
Behind the surface
which is literally picturesque
We can't be as we are,
Even when we put our hands
together sitting around a table
Home with full of secrets
and patches, you know?
Even though I chew up
the real emotions,
they still don't disappear
They are still stuck in my teeth
My life is so insecure and drifting,
And I know
Every day is so mediocre,
but I'm here and so are you
Just by this truth,
my stomach feels heavy
(Mission: 5 - Pass or Fail?)
We failed...
L-Let's go home now, okay?
I-I'll brew us some tea.
I'm sorry...
It's because Anya stepped on poo!
Hold it right there, Forger.
Hm?
Mr. Henderson!
What is this?
Look at the very top of the list.
Anya Forger...
Those are the candidates
on the waiting list.
It's confidential, though.
Waiting list?
Correct. The overall scoring...
...placed Anya Forger
in first place on the waiting list.
If even one of the officially
accepted candidates withdraws,
she'll get an immediate pass.
B-But...
We did something
horrible back there...
Can you guess which creature
kills the most humans on the planet?
Huh?
Mosquitoes.
Yes. You have saved Mr. Swan from
that dangerous creature back there.
This has scored you big points.
That's too much of a stretch...
You should be proud, Forger.
You're all worthy of joining our school.
If even one candidate withdraws,
Anya will pass...
Correct.
But what if no one withdraws...?!
About that...
Th-Thorn Princess?!
Why are you here?!
You are Secretary Ekeniel, right?
May I have the honour of taking your life?
Stop! Please spare me!
I have a son that will soon turn six!
He'll be going to Eden next month!
If I die, he won't be able
to go to school anymore!
I'm sorry, but that's exactly my intention.
Huh?!
For Anya's admission...
...please die!
Ahh!
Wait, wait, wait! No way!
You can't lay your hands
on someone innocent, Yor!
Yor?
I-It's nothing.
I'm sorry, Mr. Ekeniel...
Heh...
Well, after all...
There are always a few who
withdraw their admission every year.
Make sure you're well-prepared for that.
Thank you very much, Sir!
I may be removed from teaching
by the entrance ceremony, though.
Huh?
After I hit that headmaster's
fat son in the face.
- What kind of retribution awaits me now...
- That foolish man and this teacher...
I can't tell which one of them
will be most useful for the mission,
but if he becomes an obstacle,
there are many ways to kill him socially.
Let us know if there's
anything we can help with.
I appreciate your sentiment, Elegant Boy.
Well, just go home and wait for the news there.
(3 Days Later)
Anya will pass!
- Anya will pass!
- What is she doing?
- Looks like she's doing
- Anya will pass!
- a ritual dance to make her pass.
- Oh, really...
- Yeah!
Forger residence.
Yes...
Excuse me.
We passed!
Father! Anya passed!
Well done, Anya!
Yay!
That's great!
I'm so happy as well!
Thank you as well, Yor!
Heya! So you passed the exam?
Let's have a drink, then!
How'd you catch wind so quick?
I don't work as an
informant just for show, Bro.
Oh, hello, Ma'am!
Nice to meet you!
I'm Franky, Loid's best friend!
Hello!
Curly guy!
This calls for a celebration!
I've got some booze here,
and ordered some food, too!
You and your selfish act...
It's all thanks to me
stealing the answer sheets, huh?
Idiot! They'll hear you!
Huh~? What did you say~?
Bro, you're not drinking enough, eh?
Beat it.
Good for you, Anya.
Your papa just said he'll
do anything for you now!
Hey! Don't promise things on my behalf!
Anya wants to do something instead!
Hm? What is it?
Well, as long as it's within my power.
Help me, Bondman!
Good morning, Bondman.
Your mission is to rescue Princess Honey,
who has been kidnapped by
the League of Evil,
and liberate the castle.
Wait for me, Princess Honey!
Bondman, the best spy in
the kingdom, infiltrates the castle.
While destroying every enemy in his path,
he finally reaches the princess.
I've come to save you, Princess Honey!
Bondman!
They begin to nurture their love,
- all while restoring peace to the castle...
- Anya wants to do this.
So you want to do...
Play the princess in a castle!
Nope, not a chance.
You're a meanie, Father!
If you don't want to do it,
I won't go to school!
Don't speak for her.
But isn't this the
Newston Castle they're using?
I heard they've turned it into a theme park
for a cartoon recently, so this must be it.
There's talks about the castle
having the same set-ups as in the show,
and we can rent it, too.
Now, the area around there is clear
of the government's sniffing,
so it won't hurt to have a little
fun there, you know, Mr. Loid?
But...
Your daughter went and
passed the exam for you, though...
She could use a celebration
or two to go on, you know?
Ugh...
All right.
Sweet!
Let's strike while the iron's hot!
I'll handle the booking,
so you handle the transport!
Wait, we're going today?!
And I have to prepare too?!
Well, duh!
It's for your daughter's sake, isn't it?
A transmission from Twilight.
Code GO005.
He did it.
The cherry blossoms are blowing.
Another transmission from Twilight.
What is it?
What should we do?
He's considered the best spy in Westalis.
See to it right away!
Roger!
To Falcon, Rynech District.
We have an important case from Twilight.
This is Falcon.
Solid copy on the important case. Over.
Gather at the lower reaches of the River
Nine, Rynech District at 1830 hours.
That's a quick response.
We can do stuff like this
in the castle, you know!
Anya will make a quiz!
Oh, that's a great idea!
You rock, Bro!
- This is Anya's first time on a plane!
- This is sooo epic, wow!
- I can't wait!
This should do it.
Does Anya look cool in this?
Yes, you do.
Loid!
Where did you get this mini plane?
It's so awesome!
Oh, these nice colleagues
of mine lent it to me. Hahaha.
Thank you for always
taking care of my husband.
Put on your seat belts, people.
We're taking off now.
Let's go!
Whoa! Anya's so excited!
Yahoo!
Wow! So pretty!
They look like treasure boxes!
Father's so amazing!
Hey! I can see it now!
Oh, wow!
- The castle's so cool!
- Hey, stay put!
I'm going to land this plane, so sit down.
A castle!
Don't get so excited yourself!
Good for them, right!
What's wrong?
This is wrong.
What do you mean?
A castle without the enemy
and their servants...
...is not a castle.
Anya's so sad.
I don't think I can go to school now...
Yeah, I guess.
No one can blame you for that.
Papa's got to do something
about this, right?
A transmission from Twilight!
He's requesting for more agents,
as many as we can get.
It's a test of our strength, huh?
Attention, all agents in Ostania.
Participate in an emergency
mission at Newston Castle.
This is the most critical
agenda for Operation Strix!
Mission rank: SS+!
Repeat, this is the most
critical agenda for Operation Strix!
Mission rank: SS+!
So that's the real Twilight?
I should get his signature later.
So you guys can pull off this kind of
stunt when you're being wise, huh!
All right, you tell them
what's going on now.
I'll fill them in later.
Huh...
All right.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you
for gathering tonight for my daughter.
A Morse code?
"Just listen as you are."
An instruction from the Twilight!
I want you all to play the role of enemies...
(Note that this mission is related)
(to the execution of Operation Strix,)
...of the spy wanting to rescue the princess.
(so there's no need for unnecessary prying.)
I don't really know what he's talking about...
But we're talking about Twilight here.
This mission must possess a tactical agenda.
(That man you saw earlier will fill you in.)
I would be happy if you could cooperate
(You will follow his instructions after this.)
for my daughter's sake.
All right, time to announce
the cast for the show!
Let's start with the main cast for today!
Princess Anya!
And the spy that will rescue Anya!
Loidman!
- The boss of the League of Evil,
- Kerleeh!
- Professor Curly!
And Mother... Uh...
She's nobody.
Shock!
Also...
You guys, the skilled minions
of Professor Curly!
I urge you all
to play the role as those...
...who will spawn great difficulties
in Loidman's path!
Huh? But...
The mission rank is SS+...
We must clear the mission,
no matter the sacrifices!
It's the real deal
if we're up against Twilight!
The time's finally come...
I'll leave it to you guys to
devise the plan to stop Loidman!
It's no exaggeration...
...that the fate of this
operation lies in your hands!
He's going too far...
My minions!
Make sure Loidman suffers
for Princess Anya, kerleeh!
Yes!
Get into position as soon as you're ready!
Roger!
Kerleeheheheh!
I'll be taking Princess Anya with me!
If you want her back,
you'll have to catch me!
Help me, Loidman~
Huh? We're starting already?
Heeey!
Loidman!
I'll make sure you face so many hardships
in taking back Princess Anya now!
And now...
I'm going to give you a quiz devised
by the princess right here, so listen up!
If you can't answer,
you'll have to put those on!
Are these...
- Yes! The Bondman costume set!
- So exciting!
Here comes a question now!
What does Anya like about Bondman?!
Huh? His face?
Buzz!
Anya likes the part where he uses
his pistol that doesn't make a sound!
Huh? That's what you like?
Hey, hey! You suck at being her
parent if you don't know that!
Next!
What's Anya's favourite food?!
Peanuts!
Correct!
Tch! Guess it was too easy, huh!
Here comes the last question!
If you can't answer this one, you'll have
to change to that costume, Loidman!
If I can't answer, that is.
Here it comes, then.
What does Anya want now?
What does she want now?
Five!
Four!
You didn't tell me anything
about time limit!
I never said there's none, either.
Calm down...
What Anya wants...
Oh!
Bondman's spy merchandise!
Princess Anya! What's the correct answer?!
What Anya wants now...
...is water,
because Anya's thirsty!
You got it wrong, Loidman!
- How could I tell?!
- Kerleeheheheh!
Too bad, Loidman!
You've got to keep your word!
Anya wants to see it!
Anya wants to see the perfect Loidman!
Wow! Loidman!
All right! Let's move
on to the next stage, then!
Hey, wait!
Loidman!
If you want to save Anya,
come at us, then!
Kerleeheheheh!
He's so badass!
Wow...
You're so cool, Loidman!
I'm not done yet, kerleeh!
Oh, no! Help me!
What a pain...
Loidman! Up here!
Anya's here!
I can't shake them off...
Wow, so cool!
Go for it, my minions! Don't let up!
Hit him! Hit Loid now!
Now you've done it, you jerk!
Don't think you can catch me so easily!
Nggghh!!
Oww!
So long!
Help me, Loidman!
You're so awesome, Loidman!
Kerleeheheheh!
You're finally here, Loidman!
I'm not handing her over to you!
Help me!
Loidman!
Are you telling me to do this embarrassing
little play in front of all the agents here?!
But this is for the mission!
L-Let the princess go.
I can't believe I'm seeing
Twilight's live acting!
Geh!
Hahahah! Fool!
You really think I'd
let her go that easily?!
Ah!
Go forth!
The strongest witch, Yortisia!
Put that man down, kerleeh!
Wait, we have a witch here?!
I don't understand the setting at all!
Huh? N-No way...
No one can take Anya away from me...
Not on my watch...!
C-Calm down, Yor!
Why is she using physical
attacks despite being a witch?!
She's so strong!
I'm getting pinned down!
You okay, Yor?
Kerleeheheheh!
I commend you
for making it this far, Loidman!
But don't think you can get through me so—
Oww...
So exciting...
I-I've come to save you,
Princess Anya...
Father!
Huh? Am I supposed to be the father here?
Whoa!
So sparkling!
Congratulations, Anya!
Anya...
Congrats...
What the heck...
Anya's had so much fun
since leaving the orphanage!
Thanks to you!
Hm?
Oh, that's good to hear.
Anya will work hard at school!
All right.
Well... For now...
Congrats on your new school.
Here's the invoice from Twilight.
Are you sure he
didn't get the digits wrong?
Yes, I'm sure.
- Huh? But...
- I'm sure!
(Report No. 006)
(Operation Strix)
(Phase 1: Ensure Success in Enrollment)
Fighting with each other
'Til almost everything was in ruins
On this mischievous planet
I've been an outsider
since the day I was born
My tears have run dry
The place I'm going back to is in my dreams
I met you
where I came spilling out
You with all your secrets
Pretending to be normal
I'd given up searching
for a place where I belong
Only to find out I had to
create one for myself all along
We made a deal that day
Thicker than blood
A pact from heart to heart
Shall we hold hands and head home?
What should we eat tonight?
"Here's what happened today"
That's what I wanted to talk to you about
Any and every day is
A comedy with you
Dancing on a creaking bed
Rolling around in laughter
We'll keep on with our
ridiculous everyday life
(Mission: 6 - The Friendship Scheme)